the word which came to Jeremiah from the
Lord the days of Jehoiakim the son of
Josiah King of Judah go to the house of
the rekha mites speak to them and bring
them into the house of the Lord into one
of the chambers and give them wine to
drink then I took J as an ayah the son
of Jeremiah the son of Hamor samaya
his brothers and all his sons and the
whole house of the Rechabites and I
brought them into the house of the Lord
into the chamber of the sons of hainan
the son of egg Daliah a man of God which
was by the chamber of the princes above
the chamber of my Asiya
the son of Shalem the keeper of the door
then I set before the sons of the house
of the Rechabites bowls full of wine and
cups and I said to them drink wine but
they said we will drink no wine for
jonadab the son of recap our father
commanded us saying you shall drink no
wine you nor your sons forever you shall
not build a house so seed plant a
vineyard nor have any of these but all
your days you shall dwell in tents that
you may live many days in the land where
you are sojourners thus we have obeyed
the voice of jonadab the son of recap
our father
in all that he charged us to drink no
wine all our days we our wives our sons
or our daughters nor to build ourselves
houses to dwell him nor do we have
vineyard field or seed but we have dwelt
in tents and have obeyed and done
according to all that jonadab our father
commanded us but it came to pass when
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
into the land that we said come let us
go to Jerusalem for fear of the army of
the Chaldeans and for fear of the army
of the Syrians so we dwell at Jerusalem
then came the word of the Lord to
Jeremiah
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
Israel go and tell the men of Judah and
the inhabitants of Jerusalem will you
not receive instruction to obey my words
says the Lord the words of jonadab the
son of recap which he commanded his sons
not to drink wine are performed for to
this day they drink none and obey their
father's commandment but although I have
spoken to you rising early and speaking
you did not obey me I have also sent to
you all my servants the prophets rising
up early and sending them saying turn
now every one from his evil way amend
your doings and do not go after other
gods to serve them then you will dwell
in the land which I have given you and
your father's but you have not inclined
your ear nor obeyed me surely the sons
of jonadab the son of recap had
performed the commandment of their
father which he commanded them but this
people has not obeyed me therefore thus
says the Lord God of hosts the God of
Israel behold I will bring on Judah and
on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all
the doom that I have pronounced against
them
because I have spoken to them but they
have not heard and I have called to them
but they have not answered and Jeremiah
said to the house of the Rechabites thus
says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
because you have obeyed the commandment
of jonadab your father and kept all his
precepts and done according to all that
he commanded you therefore thus says the
Lord of hosts the God of Israel John the
dev the son of recap shall walk like a
man to stand before me forever